doc: update docs for centralized logging (#46087)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/services/monitoring.rst

     ceph orch apply grafana

.. _cephadm-monitoring-centralized-logs:

Centralized Logging in Ceph
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ceph now provides centralized logging solution using Loki & Promtail. Centralized Log Management (CLM) is a type
of logging solution system that consolidates all of your log data and pushes it to one central, accessible,
and easy-to-use interface. Centralized logging is designed to make your life easier.

> Some of the advantages of using centralized logging are:

Reviewer: Ceph now provides centralized logging with Loki & Promtail. Centralized Log Management (CLM) consolidates all  log data and pushes it to a central repository, with an accessible and easy-to-use interface. Centralized logging is designed to make your life easier. Some of the advantages are:

Author: Thanks @anthonyeleven , Updated the PR

     ceph orch apply grafana

.. _cephadm-monitoring-centralized-logs:

Centralized Logging in Ceph
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ceph-Dashboard now provides centralized logging solution using Loki & Promtail. Centralized Log Management (CLM) is a type
of logging solution system that consolidates all of your log data and pushes it to one central, accessible,
and easy-to-use interface. Centralized logging is designed to make your life easier.
Some of the advantages of using centralized logging are:

> #. Linear event timeline (instead of 1000s of different logs), easier to analyze issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. **Linear event timeline**: it easier to troubleshoot issues analyzing a single chain of events than thousands of different logs from a hundred nodes. 
```

> #. Real-time live log monitoring: with 1000s of logs is impractical to follow logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. **Real-time live log monitoring**: it is impractical to follow logs from thousands of different sources.
```

> #. No need to jump to different hosts for troubleshooting, everything in a single location.

Reviewer 2: Is not this probably covered by the 1st one?

> #. Flexible retention policies. With per-daemon logs, log rotation is usually set to a short interval (1-2 weeks) to save disk usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. **Flexible retention policies**: with per-daemon logs, log rotation is usually set to a short interval (1-2 weeks) to save disk usage.
```

> #. Increased security & backup: logs can contain sensitive information & usage patterns. Additionally, centralized logging allows for HA, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. **Increased security and backup**: logs can contain sensitive information and expose usage patterns. Additionally, centralized logging allows for HA, etc.
```

> Centralized Logging in Dashboard is implemented using two new services - ``loki`` & ``promtail``.

Reviewer 2: Not a Dashboard only thing.

> Centralized Logging in Dashboard is implemented using two new services - ``loki`` & ``promtail``.
> 
> Loki is like Prometheus, but for logs. Loki is a log aggregation system designed to store and query logs from all your applications and infrastructure
> and can be configured as a Datasource in grafana.
> 
> Promtail is an agent which ships the contents of local logs to a private Grafana Loki instance or Grafana Cloud.

Reviewer 2: This is a verbatim quote from Grafana website (but without clear quoting), and ["are quotes protected by copyright?"](https://www.lizerbramlaw.com/2015/10/27/does-copyright-protect-quotes/). So please remove these lines and point to the Grafana website if someone needs clarification about what Loki is.
```suggestion
Centralized Logging in Dashboard is implemented using two new services:
* Loki: briefly describe loki using your own words and you may add a link to the Loki page.
* Promtail: same thing.
```
